Update rflink.markdown - expand socat (#32267)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/rflink.markdown

TCP mode allows you to connect to an RFLink device over a TCP/IP network. This is useful if placing the RFLink device next to the HA server is not optimal or desired (eg: bad reception).

> To expose the USB/serial interface over TCP on a different host (Linux) the following command can be used. The arguments are separated by spaces, further info on all arguments can be found for example [on the Debian manpages](https://manpages.debian.org/stretch/socat/socat.1.en.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following command can be used to expose the USB/serial interface over TCP on a different host (Linux). The arguments are separated by spaces, further info on all arguments can be found for example [on the Debian manpages](https://manpages.debian.org/stretch/socat/socat.1.en.html).
```

> - `/dev/ttyACM0,b57600,rawer` specifies the device location, a `b57600` 57600 baud rate and `rawer` causes socat to ignore control sequences sent via the port (i.e. it makes socat pass all information 'rawest form', rather than picking up control characters such as control-C which would close socat).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/dev/ttyACM0,b57600,rawer` specifies the device location, a `b57600` 57600 baud rate, and `rawer` causes socat to ignore control sequences sent via the port (for example, it makes socat pass all information 'rawest form', rather than picking up control characters such as control-C which would close socat).
```

> - `TCP-LISTEN:1234,reuseaddr,range=192.168.0.0/16` listens on IPV4 on the specified port (1234, change as suits your needs), the details behind the `reuseaddr` option [are fairly complex](https://stackoverflow.com/a/3233022/1049701) but it allows faster reconnects from the client (Home Assistant) in case of connection drops. An important security option is `range=192.168.0.0/16`, which specifies that socat should only accept connections from a certain range of IP adresses - the /16 subnet mask specifies a range from 192.168.0.0 to 192.168.255.255. Change this as required for your LAN network. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TCP-LISTEN:1234,reuseaddr,range=192.168.0.0/16` listens on IPV4 on the specified port (1234, change as suits your needs), the details behind the `reuseaddr` option [are fairly complex](https://stackoverflow.com/a/3233022/1049701) but it allows faster reconnects from the client (Home Assistant) in case of connection drops. An important security option is `range=192.168.0.0/16`, which specifies that socat should only accept connections from a certain range of IP addresses - the /16 subnet mask specifies a range from 192.168.0.0 to 192.168.255.255. Change this as required for your LAN network.
```
